ABSTRACT
	Denial of Service (DOS) or Distributed Denial of Service (DD0S) is one of the common attack that will face by any organization or anyone with various of reasons. This attack results in huge losses. Deploying anti-DDOS attack devices or equipment can be very costly and requires a lot of man power which not every organization have the resources to do so. Traditional network solution is not able to mitigate DDOS attack anymore. SDN is one of the latest technologies but it is still new so time is needed to learn it. Load Balancing is one of the method to mitigate DDOS or DOS attack by dynamically distribute the load but load balancing devices are expensive too. It also requires more time to setup and maintenance can be difficult. Most of the time, deploying expensive Load Balancing devices, IDS or IPS are redundant because they are too costly and does not perform as expected. NAT Load Balancing is also known as TCP Load Distribution. It able to mitigate the attack by allowing the service to stay online for a longer period. Routers with NAT Load Balancing configurations able to distribute the load to all the servers using round-robin method. Hence with the combinations of multiple servers, more resources are able to be allocated to serve the incoming huge requests. It is also a very cost effective solution with easier administration and management compared to other methods in the market. NAT Load Balancing can also be further enhanced by adding more routers and switches to create more routes to act as fail-over backup. Furthermore, by changing software configuration settings to spawn more threads to serve more requests can further enhance the efficiency of NAT Load Balancing. This method of mitigation technique is proven to be the fastest and easiest in setup and administration but also cost efficient in terms of the usage of resources especially manpower and money. 
